Updating documentation in example notebooks (#56)
OceanParcels/plasticparcels: README.md

conda install conda-forge::plasticparcels
```

### Required data

`plasticparcels` has been developed for use with data from the Copernicus Marine Service, and requires the following data to run:

* Hydrodynamic model data: [MOI GLO12 (psy4v3r1)](https://www.mercator-ocean.eu/en/solutions-expertise/accessing-digital-data/product-details/?offer=4217979b-2662-329a-907c-602fdc69c3a3&system=d35404e4-40d3-59d6-3608-581c9495d86a)
* Biogeochemical model data: [MOI BIO4 (biomer4v2r1)](https://www.mercator-ocean.eu/en/solutions-expertise/accessing-digital-data/product-details/?offer=8d0c01f3-81c7-0a59-0d06-602fdf63c5b6&system=dc40b324-7de7-0732-880b-5d9dcf7d344a)
* Wave data: [ECMWF ERA5 Wave](https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/cdsapp#!/dataset/reanalysis-era5-single-levels) (specifically, the variables `mean_wave_period`, `peak_wave_period`, `u_component_stokes_drift`, and `v_component_stokes_drift`.)
* Wind data: [ECMWF ERA5 Wind](https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/cdsapp#!/dataset/reanalysis-era5-single-levels) (specifically, the variables `10m_u_component_of_wind` and `10m_v_component_of_wind`)

> For the wind and wave data, we recommend using the [CDS API](https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/api-how-to).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For downloading the wind and wave data, we recommend using the [CDS API](https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/api-how-to).
```

> To run most of the examples, you will need to update the data directories in settings `.json` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run most of the examples, you will need to update the data directories in the relevant settings `.json` file.
```
